README.md, before:

# react-native-bluetooch-escpos-printer

React-Native plugin for the bluetooth ESC/POS & TSC printers.

Any questions or bug please raise a issue.

##Still under developement

#May support Android /IOS

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/januslo/react-native-bluetooth-escpos-printer/master/LICENSE) [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/react-native-bluetooth-escpos-printer.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-bluetooth-escpos-printer)

## Installation
### Step 1 ###
Install via NPM [Check In NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-bluetooth-escpos-printer)
```bash
npm install react-native-bluetooth-escpos-printer --save
```

Or install via github
```bash
npm install https://github.com/januslo/react-native-bluetooth-escpos-printer.git --save
```

### Step2 ###
Link the plugin to your RN project
```bash
react-native link react-native-bluetooth-escpos-printer
```

Or you may need to link manually.
//TODO: manually link guilds.

### Step3 ###
Refers to your JS files
```javascript
    import {BluetoothManager,BluetoothEscposPrinter,BluetoothTscPrinter} from 'react-native-bluetooth-escpos-printer';
```

## Usage and APIs ##

### BluetoothManager ###
BluetoothManager is the module that for Bluetooth service management, supports Bluetooth status check, enable/disable Bluetooth service,scan devices,connect/unpaire devices.

* isBluetoothEnabled ==>
async function, check whether Bluetooth service is enabled.
//TODO: consider to return the the devices information already bound and paired here..

```javascript
     BluetoothManager.isBluetoothEnabled().then((enabled)=> {
                alert(enabled) // enabled ==> true /false
            }, (err)=> {
                alert(err)
            });
```

* enableBluetooth ==> ``` diff + ANDROID ONLY ```
async function, enable the bluetooth service, returns the devices information already bound and paired.  ``` diff - IOS would just resovle with nil ```

```javascript
BluetoothManager.enableBluetooth().then((r)=>{
                var paired = [];
                if(r && r.length>0){
                    for(var i=0;i<r.length;i++){
                        try{
                            paired.push(JSON.parse(r[i])); // NEED TO PARSE THE DEVICE INFORMATION
                        }catch(e){
                            //ignore
                        }
                    }
                }
                console.log(JSON.stringify(paired))
            },(err)=>{
               alert(err)
           });
```

* disableBluetooth ==>  ``` diff + ANDROID ONLY ```
async function ,disable the bluetooth service. ``` diff - IOS would just resovle with nil ```

```javascript
BluetoothManager.disableBluetooth().then(()=>{
            // do something.
          },(err)=>{alert(err)});
```

* scanDevices ==>
async function , scans the bluetooth devices, returns devices found and pared after scan finish. Event [BluetoothManager.EVENT_DEVICE_ALREADY_PAIRED] would be emitted with devices bound; event [BluetoothManager.EVENT_DEVICE_FOUND] would be emitted (many time) as long as new devices found.

samples with events:
```javascript
 DeviceEventEmitter.addListener(
            BluetoothManager.EVENT_DEVICE_ALREADY_PAIRED, (rsp)=> {
                this._deviceAlreadPaired(rsp) // rsp.devices would returns the paired devices array in JSON string.
            });
        DeviceEventEmitter.addListener(
            BluetoothManager.EVENT_DEVICE_FOUND, (rsp)=> {
                this._deviceFoundEvent(rsp) // rsp.devices would returns the found device object in JSON string
            });
```

samples with scanDevices function
```javascript
BluetoothManager.scanDevices()
            .then((s)=> {
                var ss = JSON.parse(s);//JSON string
                this.setState({
                    pairedDs: this.state.pairedDs.cloneWithRows(ss.paired || []),
                    foundDs: this.state.foundDs.cloneWithRows(ss.found || []),
                    loading: false
                }, ()=> {
                    this.paired = ss.paired || [];
                    this.found = ss.found || [];
                });
            }, (er)=> {
                this.setState({
                    loading: false
                })
                alert('error' + JSON.stringify(er));
            });
```

* connect ==>
async function, connect the specified devices, if not bound, bound dailog promps.

```javascript

    BluetoothManager.connect(rowData.address) // the device address scanned.
     .then((s)=>{
       this.setState({
        loading:false,
        boundAddress:rowData.address
    })
    },(e)=>{
       this.setState({
         loading:false
     })
       alert(e);
    })

```

* unpaire ==>
async function, disconnect and unpaire the specified devices

```javascript
     BluetoothManager.connect(rowData.address)
     .then((s)=>{
        //success here
     },
     (err)=>{
        //error here
     })
```

* Events of BluetoothManager module

| Name/KEY | DESCRIPTION |
|---|---|
| EVENT_DEVICE_ALREADY_PAIRED | Emits the devices array already paired |
| EVENT_DEVICE_DISCOVER_DONE | Emits when the scan done |
| EVENT_DEVICE_FOUND | Emits when device found during scan |
| EVENT_CONNECTION_LOST | Emits when device connection lost |
| EVENT_UNABLE_CONNECT | Emits when error occurs while trying to connect device |
| EVENT_CONNECTED | Emits when device connected |

### BluetoothTscPrinter ###
The printer for label printing.

* printLabel ==>
async function the perform label print action.

```javascript
BluetoothTscPrinter.printLable(options)
.then(()=>{
    //success
},
(err)=>{
    //error
})

```

#### Options of printLabel( ) function: (JSON object) ####

##### width #####
    label with , the real size of the label, matured by mm usualy.
##### height #####
    label height, the real size of the label, matured by mm usualy.
##### direction #####
    the printing direction, constants of BluetoothTscPrinter.DIRECTION, values BluetoothTscPrinter.DIRECTION.FORWARD/BluetoothTscPrinter.DIRECTION.BACKWARD (0/1)
##### gap #####
    the gap between 2 labels, matured by mm usualy.
##### reference #####
    the "zero" position of the label, values [x,y], default [0,0]
##### tear #####
    switch of the paper cut, constants of BluetoothTscPrinter.TEAR, values ON/OFF (string 'ON','OFF')
##### sound #####
    switch of the bee sound, values 0/1
##### text #####
    the collection of texts to print, contains following fields as the configuration:
        * text
            the text string,
        * x
            the text print start position-x
        * y
            the text print start position-y
        * fonttype
            the font type of the text, constanst of BluetoothTscPrinter.FONTTYPE,refereces as table:
                | CONSTANTS | VALUE   |
                |---|---|
                |FONT_1| "1"|
                |FONT_2| "2"|
                |FONT_3| "3"|
                |FONT_4| "4"|
                |FONT_5| "5"|
                |FONT_6| "6"|
                |FONT_7| "7"|
                |FONT_8|"8"|
                |SIMPLIFIED_CHINESE| "TSS24.BF2"|
                |TRADITIONAL_CHINESE| "TST24.BF2"|
                |KOREAN| "K"|
        * rotation
            the rotation of the text, constants of the BluetoothTscPrinter.ROTATION, referces as table:
                   | CONSTANTS | VALUE   |
                   |---|---|
                   |ROTATION_0| 0|
                   |ROTATION_90| 90|
                   |ROTATION_180| 180|
                   |ROTATION_270| 270|
        * xscal
            the scal in x,
        * yscal
            the scal in y, xscal/yscal is the constants of the BluetoothTscPrinter.FONTMUL, referces as table:
             | CONSTANTS | VALUE   |
             |---|---|
             |MUL_1| 1|
             |MUL_2| 2|
             |MUL_3| 3|
             |MUL_4| 4|
             |MUL_5| 5|
             |MUL_6| 6|
             |MUL_7| 7|
             |MUL_8| 8|
             |MUL_9| 9|
             |MUL_10: 10|

##### qrcode #####
    the collection of qrcodes to print, contains following fields as the configuration:
        * code
            the qrcode content string.
        * x
            the print start position at x
        * y
            the print start position at y
        * level
            the error correction level, constants of BluetoothTscPrinter.EEC, referces as tables:
            | CONSTANTS | VALUE   |
            |---|---|
            |LEVEL_L|"L"|
            |LEVEL_M| "M"|
            |LEVEL_Q| "Q"|
            |LEVEL_H| "H"|
        * width
            the qrcode size (width X width),since the qrcode are squre normally, so we just config the width.

        * rotation
            rationtion. the same as text object.

##### barcode #####
    the collection of barcode to print, contains foloowing fields as configuration
      * x
        the print start position of x,
      * y
        the print start position of y,
      * type
        the barcode type, constants of BluetoothTscPrinter, definition as table:
        | CONSTRANTS | VALUE |
        |---|---|
        | CODE128 | "128" |
        | CODE128M | "128M" |
        | EAN128 | "EAN128" |
        | ITF25 | "25" |
        | ITF25C | "25C" |
        | CODE39 | "39" |
        | CODE39C | "39C" |
        | CODE39S | "39S" |
        | CODE93 | "93" |
        | EAN13 | "EAN13" |
        | EAN13_2 | "EAN13+2" |
        | EAN13_5 | "EAN13+5" |
        | EAN8 | "EAN8" |
        | EAN8_2 | "EAN8+2" |
        | EAN8_5 | "EAN8+5" |
        | CODABAR | "CODA" |
        | POST | "POST" |
        | UPCA | "EAN13" |
        | UPCA_2 | "EAN13+2" |
        | UPCA_5 | "EAN13+5" |
        | UPCE | "EAN13" |
        | UPCE_2 | "EAN13+2" |
        | UPCE_5 | "EAN13+5" |
        | CPOST | "CPOST" |
        | MSI | "MSI" |
        | MSIC | "MSIC" |
        | PLESSEY | "PLESSEY" |
        | ITF14 | "ITF14" |
        | EAN14 | "EAN14" |

     * height
      the height of the barcode.
     * readable
      the hunman readable factor, 0-not readable, 1-readable.
     * rotation
      rotation, the same as text.
     * code
      the code to generate and print, should follow the restriction of the code type using.

##### image #####
    the collection of the image to print.
     * x
     the print start position x.
     * y
     the print start position y.
     * mode
     the bitmap mode of print, constants of BluetoothTscPrinter.BITMAP_MODE, valuse OVERWRITE(0),OR(1),XOR(2).
     * width
     the width of the image to print. (height will be calculated by image ratio)
     * image
     the base64 encoded image data(without schema)

#### demo of printLabel() options ####
```javascript
let options = {
   width: 40,
   height: 30,
   gap: 20,
   direction: BluetoothTscPrinter.DIRECTION.FORWARD,
   reference: [0, 0],
   tear: BluetoothTscPrinter.TEAR.ON,
   sound: 0,
   text: [{
       text: 'I am a testing txt',
       x: 20,
       y: 0,
       fonttype: BluetoothTscPrinter.FONTTYPE.SIMPLIFIED_CHINESE,
       rotation: BluetoothTscPrinter.ROTATION.ROTATION_0,
       xscal:BluetoothTscPrinter.FONTMUL.MUL_1,
       yscal: BluetoothTscPrinter.FONTMUL.MUL_1
   },{
       text: '你在说什么呢?',
       x: 20,
       y: 50,
       fonttype: BluetoothTscPrinter.FONTTYPE.SIMPLIFIED_CHINESE,
       rotation: BluetoothTscPrinter.ROTATION.ROTATION_0,
       xscal:BluetoothTscPrinter.FONTMUL.MUL_1,
       yscal: BluetoothTscPrinter.FONTMUL.MUL_1
   }],
   qrcode: [{x: 20, y: 96, level: BluetoothTscPrinter.EEC.LEVEL_L, width: 3, rotation: BluetoothTscPrinter.ROTATION.ROTATION_0, code: 'show me the money'}],
   barcode: [{x: 120, y:96, type: BluetoothTscPrinter.BARCODETYPE.CODE128, height: 40, readable: 1, rotation: BluetoothTscPrinter.ROTATION.ROTATION_0, code: '1234567890'}],
   image: [{x: 160, y: 160, mode: BluetoothTscPrinter.BITMAP_MODE.OVERWRITE,width: 60,image: base64Image}]
}
```
### BluetoothEscposPrinter ###
  the printer for receipt printing, following ESC/POS command.

#### printerInit() ####
  init the printer.

#### printAndFeed(int feed) ####
  printer the buffer data and feed (feed lines).

#### printerLeftSpace(int sp) ####
  set the printer left spaces.

#### printerLineSpace(int sp) ####
  set the spaces between lines.

#### printerUnderLine(int line) ####
  set the under line of the text, @param line --  0-off,1-on,2-deeper

#### printerAlign(int align) ####
  set the printer alignment, constansts: BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.LEFT/BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.CENTER/BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.RIGHT.

#### printText(String text, ReadableMap options) ####
  print text, options as following:
  * encoding => text encoding,default GBK.
  * codepage => codepage using, default 0.
  * widthtimes => text font mul times in width, default 0.
  * heigthTimes => text font mul times in height, default 0.
  * fonttype => text font type, default 0.

#### printColumn(ReadableArray columnWidths,ReadableArray columnAligns,ReadableArray columnTexts,ReadableMap options) ####
  print texts in column, Parameters as following:
  * columnWidths => int arrays, configs the width of each column, calculate by english character length. ex:the width of "abcdef" is 5 ,the width of "中文" is 4.
  * columnAligns => arrays, alignment of each column, values is the same of printerAlign().
  * columnTexts => arrays, the texts of each colunm to print.
  * options => text print config options, the same of printText() options.

#### setWidth(int width) ####
  sets the widht of the printer.

#### printPic(String base64encodeStr) ####
  prints the image which encoded by base64, without schema.

#### setfTest() ####
  prints the selft test.

#### rotate() ####
  set the rotate of the line.

#### setBlob(int weight) ####
  set blob of the line.

#### printQRCode(String content, int size, int correctionLevel) ####
  prints the qrcode.

#### printBarCode(String str,int nType, int nWidthX, int nHeight, int nHriFontType, int nHriFontPosition) ####
  prints the barcode.

### Demos of printing a receipt ###
```javascript
await BluetoothEscposPrinter.printerAlign(BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.CENTER);
await BluetoothEscposPrinter.setBlob(0);
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("广州俊烨\n\r",{
  encoding:'GBK',
  codepage:0,
  widthtimes:3,
  heigthtimes:3,
  fonttype:1
});
await BluetoothEscposPrinter.setBlob(0);
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("销售单\n\r",{
  encoding:'GBK',
  codepage:0,
  widthtimes:0,
  heigthtimes:0,
  fonttype:1
});
await BluetoothEscposPrinter.printerAlign(BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.LEFT);
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("客户：零售客户\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("单号：xsd201909210000001\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("日期："+(dateFormat(new Date(), "yyyy-mm-dd h:MM:ss"))+"\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("销售员：18664896621\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("--------------------------------\n\r",{});
let columnWidths = [12,6,6,8];
await BluetoothEscposPrinter.printColumn(columnWidths,
  [BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.LEFT,BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.CENTER,BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.CENTER,BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.RIGHT],
  ["商品",'数量','单价','金额'],{});
await BluetoothEscposPrinter.printColumn(columnWidths,
  [BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.LEFT,BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.LEFT,BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.CENTER,BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.RIGHT],
  ["React-Native定制开发我是比较长的位置你稍微看看是不是这样?",'1','32000','32000'],{});
    await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("\n\r",{});
  await BluetoothEscposPrinter.printColumn(columnWidths,
  [BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.LEFT,BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.LEFT,BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.CENTER,BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.RIGHT],
  ["React-Native定制开发我是比较长的位置你稍微看看是不是这样?",'1','32000','32000'],{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("--------------------------------\n\r",{});
await BluetoothEscposPrinter.printColumn([12,8,12],
  [BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.LEFT,BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.LEFT,BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.RIGHT],
  ["合计",'2','64000'],{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("折扣率：100%\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("折扣后应收：64000.00\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("会员卡支付：0.00\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("积分抵扣：0.00\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("支付金额：64000.00\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("结算账户：现金账户\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("备注：无\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("快递单号：无\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("打印时间："+(dateFormat(new Date(), "yyyy-mm-dd h:MM:ss"))+"\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("--------------------------------\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("电话：\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("地址:\n\r\n\r",{});
await BluetoothEscposPrinter.printerAlign(BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.CENTER);
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("欢迎下次光临\n\r\n\r\n\r",{});
await BluetoothEscposPrinter.printerAlign(BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.LEFT);
```

Commit message:

PrinPic size and position left padding
PrinPic size and position left padding

README.md, after:

# react-native-bluetooch-escpos-printer

React-Native plugin for the bluetooth ESC/POS & TSC printers.

Any questions or bug please raise a issue.

##Still under developement

#May support Android /IOS

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/januslo/react-native-bluetooth-escpos-printer/master/LICENSE) [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/react-native-bluetooth-escpos-printer.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-bluetooth-escpos-printer)

## Installation
### Step 1 ###
Install via NPM [Check In NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-bluetooth-escpos-printer)
```bash
npm install react-native-bluetooth-escpos-printer --save
```

Or install via github
```bash
npm install https://github.com/januslo/react-native-bluetooth-escpos-printer.git --save
```

### Step2 ###
Link the plugin to your RN project
```bash
react-native link react-native-bluetooth-escpos-printer
```

Or you may need to link manually.
//TODO: manually link guilds.

### Step3 ###
Refers to your JS files
```javascript
    import {BluetoothManager,BluetoothEscposPrinter,BluetoothTscPrinter} from 'react-native-bluetooth-escpos-printer';
```

## Usage and APIs ##

### BluetoothManager ###
BluetoothManager is the module that for Bluetooth service management, supports Bluetooth status check, enable/disable Bluetooth service,scan devices,connect/unpaire devices.

* isBluetoothEnabled ==>
async function, check whether Bluetooth service is enabled.
//TODO: consider to return the the devices information already bound and paired here..

```javascript
     BluetoothManager.isBluetoothEnabled().then((enabled)=> {
                alert(enabled) // enabled ==> true /false
            }, (err)=> {
                alert(err)
            });
```

* enableBluetooth ==> ``` diff + ANDROID ONLY ```
async function, enable the bluetooth service, returns the devices information already bound and paired.  ``` diff - IOS would just resovle with nil ```

```javascript
BluetoothManager.enableBluetooth().then((r)=>{
                var paired = [];
                if(r && r.length>0){
                    for(var i=0;i<r.length;i++){
                        try{
                            paired.push(JSON.parse(r[i])); // NEED TO PARSE THE DEVICE INFORMATION
                        }catch(e){
                            //ignore
                        }
                    }
                }
                console.log(JSON.stringify(paired))
            },(err)=>{
               alert(err)
           });
```

* disableBluetooth ==>  ``` diff + ANDROID ONLY ```
async function ,disable the bluetooth service. ``` diff - IOS would just resovle with nil ```

```javascript
BluetoothManager.disableBluetooth().then(()=>{
            // do something.
          },(err)=>{alert(err)});
```

* scanDevices ==>
async function , scans the bluetooth devices, returns devices found and pared after scan finish. Event [BluetoothManager.EVENT_DEVICE_ALREADY_PAIRED] would be emitted with devices bound; event [BluetoothManager.EVENT_DEVICE_FOUND] would be emitted (many time) as long as new devices found.

samples with events:
```javascript
 DeviceEventEmitter.addListener(
            BluetoothManager.EVENT_DEVICE_ALREADY_PAIRED, (rsp)=> {
                this._deviceAlreadPaired(rsp) // rsp.devices would returns the paired devices array in JSON string.
            });
        DeviceEventEmitter.addListener(
            BluetoothManager.EVENT_DEVICE_FOUND, (rsp)=> {
                this._deviceFoundEvent(rsp) // rsp.devices would returns the found device object in JSON string
            });
```

samples with scanDevices function
```javascript
BluetoothManager.scanDevices()
            .then((s)=> {
                var ss = JSON.parse(s);//JSON string
                this.setState({
                    pairedDs: this.state.pairedDs.cloneWithRows(ss.paired || []),
                    foundDs: this.state.foundDs.cloneWithRows(ss.found || []),
                    loading: false
                }, ()=> {
                    this.paired = ss.paired || [];
                    this.found = ss.found || [];
                });
            }, (er)=> {
                this.setState({
                    loading: false
                })
                alert('error' + JSON.stringify(er));
            });
```

* connect ==>
async function, connect the specified devices, if not bound, bound dailog promps.

```javascript

    BluetoothManager.connect(rowData.address) // the device address scanned.
     .then((s)=>{
       this.setState({
        loading:false,
        boundAddress:rowData.address
    })
    },(e)=>{
       this.setState({
         loading:false
     })
       alert(e);
    })

```

* unpaire ==>
async function, disconnect and unpaire the specified devices

```javascript
     BluetoothManager.connect(rowData.address)
     .then((s)=>{
        //success here
     },
     (err)=>{
        //error here
     })
```

* Events of BluetoothManager module

| Name/KEY | DESCRIPTION |
|---|---|
| EVENT_DEVICE_ALREADY_PAIRED | Emits the devices array already paired |
| EVENT_DEVICE_DISCOVER_DONE | Emits when the scan done |
| EVENT_DEVICE_FOUND | Emits when device found during scan |
| EVENT_CONNECTION_LOST | Emits when device connection lost |
| EVENT_UNABLE_CONNECT | Emits when error occurs while trying to connect device |
| EVENT_CONNECTED | Emits when device connected |

### BluetoothTscPrinter ###
The printer for label printing.

* printLabel ==>
async function the perform label print action.

```javascript
BluetoothTscPrinter.printLable(options)
.then(()=>{
    //success
},
(err)=>{
    //error
})

```

#### Options of printLabel( ) function: (JSON object) ####

##### width #####
    label with , the real size of the label, matured by mm usualy.
##### height #####
    label height, the real size of the label, matured by mm usualy.
##### direction #####
    the printing direction, constants of BluetoothTscPrinter.DIRECTION, values BluetoothTscPrinter.DIRECTION.FORWARD/BluetoothTscPrinter.DIRECTION.BACKWARD (0/1)
##### gap #####
    the gap between 2 labels, matured by mm usualy.
##### reference #####
    the "zero" position of the label, values [x,y], default [0,0]
##### tear #####
    switch of the paper cut, constants of BluetoothTscPrinter.TEAR, values ON/OFF (string 'ON','OFF')
##### sound #####
    switch of the bee sound, values 0/1
##### text #####
    the collection of texts to print, contains following fields as the configuration:
        * text
            the text string,
        * x
            the text print start position-x
        * y
            the text print start position-y
        * fonttype
            the font type of the text, constanst of BluetoothTscPrinter.FONTTYPE,refereces as table:
                | CONSTANTS | VALUE   |
                |---|---|
                |FONT_1| "1"|
                |FONT_2| "2"|
                |FONT_3| "3"|
                |FONT_4| "4"|
                |FONT_5| "5"|
                |FONT_6| "6"|
                |FONT_7| "7"|
                |FONT_8|"8"|
                |SIMPLIFIED_CHINESE| "TSS24.BF2"|
                |TRADITIONAL_CHINESE| "TST24.BF2"|
                |KOREAN| "K"|
        * rotation
            the rotation of the text, constants of the BluetoothTscPrinter.ROTATION, referces as table:
                   | CONSTANTS | VALUE   |
                   |---|---|
                   |ROTATION_0| 0|
                   |ROTATION_90| 90|
                   |ROTATION_180| 180|
                   |ROTATION_270| 270|
        * xscal
            the scal in x,
        * yscal
            the scal in y, xscal/yscal is the constants of the BluetoothTscPrinter.FONTMUL, referces as table:
             | CONSTANTS | VALUE   |
             |---|---|
             |MUL_1| 1|
             |MUL_2| 2|
             |MUL_3| 3|
             |MUL_4| 4|
             |MUL_5| 5|
             |MUL_6| 6|
             |MUL_7| 7|
             |MUL_8| 8|
             |MUL_9| 9|
             |MUL_10: 10|

##### qrcode #####
    the collection of qrcodes to print, contains following fields as the configuration:
        * code
            the qrcode content string.
        * x
            the print start position at x
        * y
            the print start position at y
        * level
            the error correction level, constants of BluetoothTscPrinter.EEC, referces as tables:
            | CONSTANTS | VALUE   |
            |---|---|
            |LEVEL_L|"L"|
            |LEVEL_M| "M"|
            |LEVEL_Q| "Q"|
            |LEVEL_H| "H"|
        * width
            the qrcode size (width X width),since the qrcode are squre normally, so we just config the width.

        * rotation
            rationtion. the same as text object.

##### barcode #####
    the collection of barcode to print, contains foloowing fields as configuration
      * x
        the print start position of x,
      * y
        the print start position of y,
      * type
        the barcode type, constants of BluetoothTscPrinter, definition as table:
        | CONSTRANTS | VALUE |
        |---|---|
        | CODE128 | "128" |
        | CODE128M | "128M" |
        | EAN128 | "EAN128" |
        | ITF25 | "25" |
        | ITF25C | "25C" |
        | CODE39 | "39" |
        | CODE39C | "39C" |
        | CODE39S | "39S" |
        | CODE93 | "93" |
        | EAN13 | "EAN13" |
        | EAN13_2 | "EAN13+2" |
        | EAN13_5 | "EAN13+5" |
        | EAN8 | "EAN8" |
        | EAN8_2 | "EAN8+2" |
        | EAN8_5 | "EAN8+5" |
        | CODABAR | "CODA" |
        | POST | "POST" |
        | UPCA | "EAN13" |
        | UPCA_2 | "EAN13+2" |
        | UPCA_5 | "EAN13+5" |
        | UPCE | "EAN13" |
        | UPCE_2 | "EAN13+2" |
        | UPCE_5 | "EAN13+5" |
        | CPOST | "CPOST" |
        | MSI | "MSI" |
        | MSIC | "MSIC" |
        | PLESSEY | "PLESSEY" |
        | ITF14 | "ITF14" |
        | EAN14 | "EAN14" |

     * height
      the height of the barcode.
     * readable
      the hunman readable factor, 0-not readable, 1-readable.
     * rotation
      rotation, the same as text.
     * code
      the code to generate and print, should follow the restriction of the code type using.

##### image #####
    the collection of the image to print.
     * x
     the print start position x.
     * y
     the print start position y.
     * mode
     the bitmap mode of print, constants of BluetoothTscPrinter.BITMAP_MODE, valuse OVERWRITE(0),OR(1),XOR(2).
     * width
     the width of the image to print. (height will be calculated by image ratio)
     * image
     the base64 encoded image data(without schema)

#### demo of printLabel() options ####
```javascript
let options = {
   width: 40,
   height: 30,
   gap: 20,
   direction: BluetoothTscPrinter.DIRECTION.FORWARD,
   reference: [0, 0],
   tear: BluetoothTscPrinter.TEAR.ON,
   sound: 0,
   text: [{
       text: 'I am a testing txt',
       x: 20,
       y: 0,
       fonttype: BluetoothTscPrinter.FONTTYPE.SIMPLIFIED_CHINESE,
       rotation: BluetoothTscPrinter.ROTATION.ROTATION_0,
       xscal:BluetoothTscPrinter.FONTMUL.MUL_1,
       yscal: BluetoothTscPrinter.FONTMUL.MUL_1
   },{
       text: '你在说什么呢?',
       x: 20,
       y: 50,
       fonttype: BluetoothTscPrinter.FONTTYPE.SIMPLIFIED_CHINESE,
       rotation: BluetoothTscPrinter.ROTATION.ROTATION_0,
       xscal:BluetoothTscPrinter.FONTMUL.MUL_1,
       yscal: BluetoothTscPrinter.FONTMUL.MUL_1
   }],
   qrcode: [{x: 20, y: 96, level: BluetoothTscPrinter.EEC.LEVEL_L, width: 3, rotation: BluetoothTscPrinter.ROTATION.ROTATION_0, code: 'show me the money'}],
   barcode: [{x: 120, y:96, type: BluetoothTscPrinter.BARCODETYPE.CODE128, height: 40, readable: 1, rotation: BluetoothTscPrinter.ROTATION.ROTATION_0, code: '1234567890'}],
   image: [{x: 160, y: 160, mode: BluetoothTscPrinter.BITMAP_MODE.OVERWRITE,width: 60,image: base64Image}]
}
```
### BluetoothEscposPrinter ###
  the printer for receipt printing, following ESC/POS command.

#### printerInit() ####
  init the printer.

#### printAndFeed(int feed) ####
  printer the buffer data and feed (feed lines).

#### printerLeftSpace(int sp) ####
  set the printer left spaces.

#### printerLineSpace(int sp) ####
  set the spaces between lines.

#### printerUnderLine(int line) ####
  set the under line of the text, @param line --  0-off,1-on,2-deeper

#### printerAlign(int align) ####
  set the printer alignment, constansts: BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.LEFT/BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.CENTER/BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.RIGHT.
  Not works ant printPic() method.

#### printText(String text, ReadableMap options) ####
  print text, options as following:
  * encoding => text encoding,default GBK.
  * codepage => codepage using, default 0.
  * widthtimes => text font mul times in width, default 0.
  * heigthTimes => text font mul times in height, default 0.
  * fonttype => text font type, default 0.

#### printColumn(ReadableArray columnWidths,ReadableArray columnAligns,ReadableArray columnTexts,ReadableMap options) ####
  print texts in column, Parameters as following:
  * columnWidths => int arrays, configs the width of each column, calculate by english character length. ex:the width of "abcdef" is 5 ,the width of "中文" is 4.
  * columnAligns => arrays, alignment of each column, values is the same of printerAlign().
  * columnTexts => arrays, the texts of each colunm to print.
  * options => text print config options, the same of printText() options.

#### setWidth(int width) ####
  sets the widht of the printer.

#### printPic(String base64encodeStr,ReadableMap options) ####
  prints the image which encoded by base64, without schema.
  * options: contains the params that may use in printing pic: "with":the pic with,basic on devices width(dots,58mm-384); "left":the left padding of the pic,for the printing position adjustment.

#### setfTest() ####
  prints the selft test.

#### rotate() ####
  set the rotate of the line.

#### setBlob(int weight) ####
  set blob of the line.

#### printQRCode(String content, int size, int correctionLevel) ####
  prints the qrcode.

#### printBarCode(String str,int nType, int nWidthX, int nHeight, int nHriFontType, int nHriFontPosition) ####
  prints the barcode.

### Demos of printing a receipt ###
```javascript
await BluetoothEscposPrinter.printerAlign(BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.CENTER);
await BluetoothEscposPrinter.setBlob(0);
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("广州俊烨\n\r",{
  encoding:'GBK',
  codepage:0,
  widthtimes:3,
  heigthtimes:3,
  fonttype:1
});
await BluetoothEscposPrinter.setBlob(0);
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("销售单\n\r",{
  encoding:'GBK',
  codepage:0,
  widthtimes:0,
  heigthtimes:0,
  fonttype:1
});
await BluetoothEscposPrinter.printerAlign(BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.LEFT);
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("客户：零售客户\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("单号：xsd201909210000001\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("日期："+(dateFormat(new Date(), "yyyy-mm-dd h:MM:ss"))+"\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("销售员：18664896621\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("--------------------------------\n\r",{});
let columnWidths = [12,6,6,8];
await BluetoothEscposPrinter.printColumn(columnWidths,
  [BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.LEFT,BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.CENTER,BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.CENTER,BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.RIGHT],
  ["商品",'数量','单价','金额'],{});
await BluetoothEscposPrinter.printColumn(columnWidths,
  [BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.LEFT,BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.LEFT,BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.CENTER,BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.RIGHT],
  ["React-Native定制开发我是比较长的位置你稍微看看是不是这样?",'1','32000','32000'],{});
    await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("\n\r",{});
  await BluetoothEscposPrinter.printColumn(columnWidths,
  [BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.LEFT,BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.LEFT,BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.CENTER,BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.RIGHT],
  ["React-Native定制开发我是比较长的位置你稍微看看是不是这样?",'1','32000','32000'],{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("--------------------------------\n\r",{});
await BluetoothEscposPrinter.printColumn([12,8,12],
  [BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.LEFT,BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.LEFT,BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.RIGHT],
  ["合计",'2','64000'],{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("折扣率：100%\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("折扣后应收：64000.00\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("会员卡支付：0.00\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("积分抵扣：0.00\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("支付金额：64000.00\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("结算账户：现金账户\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("备注：无\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("快递单号：无\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("打印时间："+(dateFormat(new Date(), "yyyy-mm-dd h:MM:ss"))+"\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("--------------------------------\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("电话：\n\r",{});
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("地址:\n\r\n\r",{});
await BluetoothEscposPrinter.printerAlign(BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.CENTER);
await  BluetoothEscposPrinter.printText("欢迎下次光临\n\r\n\r\n\r",{});
await BluetoothEscposPrinter.printerAlign(BluetoothEscposPrinter.ALIGN.LEFT);
```
